updated self-serve (#13926)
docker/docker.github.io: docker-hub/release-notes.md

Here you can learn about the latest changes, new features, bug fixes, and
known issues for each Docker Hub release.

> 

Reviewer: Take a look at the [Docker Public Roadmap](https://github.com/docker/roadmap/projects/1){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"} to see what's coming next.

## 2021-11-15

> We're proud to announce that you can now purchase or upgrade to a Docker Business subscription via a credit card. You must have a minimum of 5 users; however you can still purchase via a purchase order with a minimum of 40 users. To learn more see [Upgrade your subscription](../subscription/upgrade.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### New

You can now purchase or upgrade to a Docker Business subscription using a credit card. To learn more, see [Upgrade your subscription](../subscription/upgrade.md).
```
